Alright, in this section of course we
are going to take a look at setting up
project Lombok. Now if you've already
used this project Lombok in your
previous projects, go ahead and skip
ahead to the next section of the course.
But in this section, we are going to be
taking a closer look at project Lombok.
What this is, one of the large criticism, a long time standing criticism of Java
as a programming languages, you have to
go through a lot of serial mono encoding.
Just look at the properties like getters
and setters for example. If you look at a
language like Groovy, you automatically
get getters and setters provided for you
by default under the covers. And if you
specify one it overrides it. Not so with
Java. You do have to actually write out
those get getters and setters and if you
look at modern IDEs, you have quick
shortcuts and if you're using IntelliJ
or even Eclipse, you probably have those
shortcuts memorized to automatically add
in things like getters and setters and
constructors and things like that. What
project Lombok brings to the table is
very simplified annotations to add in
common things like getters and setters,
builders, loggers and a lot more. So it
really does simplify your
development. It cuts down a lot of the
boilerplate code that you have to write
and it makes your life easier and makes
you more productive. So in this section
we are going to step through talk about
the features of project Lombok, how it
works, how you set it up and how we can
utilize it in our recipe project.